did my baby indeed when I was it is
accordingly therefore ordered that
Isaiah Richards the minor that's me
shall be to all legal intents and
purposes the child of Charles and
Margaret Lewin you gave your child up
for adoption now you want back
no I never gave my child up for adoption
it's gonna be tough
families with white treated him well
he'll fight this but I'm his mother
well I'm sure that white woman feels
fairly strongly the cheers she's gonna
challenge the adoption
we're talking about a woman who is a
junkie someone who should be arrested
not giving back her parental rights well
that's what you will have to prove how
long have you been clean two years and
one month how can they think about
giving him back her I mean she's not a
mother what made you stop I wanted to
hear my baby
I want no drugs taking me out of my head
if we lose him I couldn't beard black
babies belong with black mothers no look
at my face I'm his mother if you think
you just gonna walk up in this Court
take my babies like you take some puppy
from a pound threw out another thing
coming lady no matter what happens I
want you to know their promise together
I'm doing this because I love you really
really love you house with you - what is
going to happen the spirit of this
little boy so only you can save your the
great white hope No
but I am his mother Arne
you